hi this is Dan from cash for cars what
you're looking at is our latest vehicle
to go on the Internet in an auction as a
1999 mezda MPV coach always popular
there's a good look at - you can see
it's got an exhaust down there we've got
a rear spoiler tints all around the rear
of the car and obviously a seven-seater
you can see in there see configuration 3
in there on a set of aftermarket alloy
wheels they look cool and they are sized
Seventeen's
you got your full cut on this model down
there your side skirts and everything
also up there you can see we've got a
sunroof on this model
here's your details and the car will
have current registration when sold
here's the v6 dock 24 valve engine chain
driven so no can belt worries here I've
got a strut brace there which is all
good all right whatever look inside okay
so we've got full electric window
controls and wind mirror controls come
up here you've got a new warrant through
to the 10th month 2012 always good and
just put the key in here okay so we've
got abs and this model currently at 150
1000 kilometers over here you've got an
Alpine radio player and here's your air
conditioning controls obviously there's
your stick for changing gears in this
model column change I believe it's
called over there we have a passenger's
airbag and we have a driver's airbag is
that some roof again
okay and with these you see
configuration there two there three in
the back two in the front and I'll look
at this we've got side airbags on the
seat so multi airbag vehicle awesome so
hope that gives everyone an insight with
my virtual tour and it cash for cars we
also buy cards so feel free to visit our
website WWE did we find it's very simple
to fill out the online form with the
vehicle you'd like to sell we can ever
look at it come back to your make you an
offer this is Dan from cash for cars
good luck and happy betting